Bugfix: Intel oneAPI 2022.2 Fortran (#222)
LLNL/sundials: doc/cvode/guide/source/Introduction.rst

Fixed a bug with the Kokkos interfaces that would arise when using clang.

Fixed a compilation error with the Intel oneAPI 2022.2 Fortran compiler in the

> Fortran 2003 interface test for the serial NVector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortran 2003 interface test for the serial ``N_Vector``.
```
